
# Preparation Application
> Before MatchLock can be used by a game, we need a few things. A way to identify an engine, hopefully the engine is using semver so that two players can use similar engine versions. A way to validate pieces, this is so that all pieces on a restriction config or scanned will be considered valid for the engine. A way to scan a folder to identify pieces, at the moment engines using MatchLock will have their own way of saving pieces we can scan each folder and use the pieces in it. Create a Selection config. Adding pieces to a restriction config.

## Purposes


### Engine Validation

While each engine may be similar in purpose, they may expect their piece's file structure to be different. For example a 2d fighting game and 2.5d fighting game may have similar hit box data but the 2.5d will have 3d models and animations while the 2d will have a bunch of sprites. We need to create an engine piece validator so that locally scanned and pieces in a restriction can have an expected and valid file structure.


### Scan Folder

Before starting with matchlock a player may already have a folder full of game pieces. It would be a burden to make the player go through each game piece and change their folder names. Instead Match Lock should be able to scan each folder, ensure it's file structure passes the engine's expected piece file structure and create a unique Identifier based on the file hashs


### Selection Configuration

While a game can be as simple as 1v1, some games could be 3v3. Some games expect each piece to be unique. For stage selection, it should be democracy or random which stage wins. These selection configurations should be easy to read and be simple to code if they are special.


### Piece Restriction Config

An important part of the MatchLock Restriction config is the available pieces. Each piece is expected to have ways to download them. Some preview info like a title, image and url to view more information. Version hash based on the files so it can be calculated. File descriptions including the filepath, file sizes and hashes. The name and author for building humane folder structures. Each restriction config will have a semver based on it's pieces. Adding Pieces should increment a minor version. Removing pieces should increment major versions. Updating pieces is considered a removal and an addition.


